

.
.TH GIT\-REVIEWED 1
.
.SH NAME
git\-reviewed \- Creates a review on a commit
.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

\fBgit\-reviewed\fR [options] [<path>] 
.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Allows the user to make a review on a given commit hash\.
.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB--init\fR
.
.P
Initializes git-reviewed inorder to start reviewing.
.
.P
\fB--re-init\fR
.
.P
Re-initializes git-reviewed incase of an error.
.
.P
\fB--pull\fR
.
.P
Fetches reviews from remote repositories.
.
.P
\fB--push\fR
.
.P
Updates remote repositories by adding reviews.
.
.P
\fB--log\fR
.
.P
Shows the log history of the reviews made along with the reviewer details.
.
.P
\fB--log\fR \fIcommit-hash\fR
.
.P
Shows the log history of the reviews made along with the reviewer details for a particular commit.
.
.P
\fB--log-show\fR
.
.P
Shows the log history of the reviews made along with raw review content.
.
.P
\fB--log-show\fR \fIcommit-hash\fR
.
.P
Shows the log history of the reviews made along with raw review content for a particular commit.
.
.P
\fB--log-reviewer\fR \fIreviewer-name\fR
.
.P
Shows the log history of the reviews made by the reviewer.
.
.P
\fB--log-limit\fR \fIvalue\fR
.
.P
Shows the log history of the reviews made by the author limited to the value specified.
.
.P
\fB--list\fR
.
.P
Lists all the reviews present on the review branch.
.
.P
\fB--list\fR \fIcommit-hash\fR
.
.P
Lists all the reviews present on the review branch for the given commit.
.
.P
\fB--filter-reviewer\fR \fIreviewer-name\fR
.
.P
Deletes all the reviews on the review branch except the reviews made by the reviewer.
.
.P
\fB--amend\fR
.
.P
Allows reviewer to make any change to the last review.
.
.P
\fB--view\fR \fIreview-hash\fR
.
.P
Shows the contents of the review object.
.
.P
\fB--format\fR \fIreview-hash\fR
.
.P
Prepares the review for an email submission.
.
.P
\fB--respond\fR \fIreview-hash\fR
.
.P
Allows reviewer to respond to any review.
.
.P
\fB--display\fR \fIreview-hash\fR
.
.P
Displays the interleaved history in a window.
.
.P
\fB--rm\fR \fIreview-hash\fR
.
.P
Deletes the review.
.
.P
\fB--rm-before\fR \fIdate\fR
.
.P
Deletes all reviews before the given date.
.
.P
\fB--rm-after\fR \fIdate\fR
.
.P
Deletes all reviews after the given date.
.
.P
.
.P
.SH "EXAMPLES"
$ git reviewed commit-hash
.P
... Creating a review object on a particular commit
.br
Creating Review Object
.br
5c1b78028dca1b7424b5d6a0c888fa829236cda2
.P
$ git reviewed --log
.P
...shows the log history of the reviews made
.br
Review b88a0c3b2c8a5924acefdb99fb50bff3a2dfe7ff
.br
Commit Reviewed 02f8efec7e50c925924bbe3a6160de0a82e8b724
.br
Author: Murtuza Mukadam 
.br
AuthorDate:   Fri Jun 21 23:50:50 2013 -0400
.br
Reviewer:   Murtuza Mukadam <murtuza16289@gmail.com>
.br
ReviewDate: Sat Oct 12 20:27:29 2013 -0400
.br
.P
$ git reviewed --amend 
.P
... allows to make a change to the review
.br
Amending Review Object
.br
838a2d22de4d0bb393f2874bc92734a073757fea
.P
$ git reviewed --view review-hash
.P
... shows the raw content of the review object
.br
Commit Reviewed: 02f8efec7e50c925924bbe3a6160de0a82e8b724
.br
Reviewer: Murtuza Mukadam 
.br
Review Date:   Wed Jun 19 18:40:38 2013 -0400
.P
content
.P
$ git reviewed --respond review-hash
.P
... allows reviewer to respond to a review
.br
Creating Response Review Object
.br
b3a3becba4b947a381c53a8444ac239b57acd6b0
.P
$ git reviewed --list 
.P
... lists all the reviews present on the review branch.
.br
Total Number of Reviews: 152
.P
Review: 188aa11a5c2dbeaec05491a73f94ba931248db65
.br
Commit Reviewed: add7ad68fe46a9a71bbcfb348f75dfa85f758163
.P
Review: 2f538aa6cdf4d53ffb7846dbcfd5020ce7aad8bf
.br
Commit Reviewed: add7ad68fe46a9a71bbcfb348f75dfa85f758163
.P
.SH "AUTHOR"
.br
Written by Murtuza Mukadam <\fIusers\.encs\.concordia\.ca/~m_mukada/\fR>
.
.P
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
.br
<\fIhttps://github\.com/mmukadam/git\-reviewed/issues\fR>
.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.br
<\fIhttps://github\.com/mmukadam/git\-reviewed\fR>
